https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1527109

Note that a patch was submitted to Mozilla for review.

## Diagnosis

The issue is that the dialog title string is programmatically ellipsed using `ellipseString` function. The function basically checks the length of the string and adds three hard-coded periods if the string has over 64 characters. The period is not even the proper unicode ellipsis character. Also, the function considers user locale - whether the text is written LTR (Left To Right) or RTL (Right To Left) - by simply passing `doFront` boolean argument.

This issue may cause incorrect calculation of text overflow, broken text for users who don't use unicode character encoding as default, and mismatch of user interface and text display. Fixing the programmatic ellipsing should prevent the potential risk of incosistent printing of text.

## Solution

Initial analysis of code suggests that the dialog rendering involes XUL markup template and JavaScript, and the issue reporter hinted that string ellipsis should be done using CSS style. To fix the issue:

1. Create a seperate stylesheets for dialogs
2. Define styles:
    - `text-overflow: ellipsis` to handle standard ellipsis
    - Ellipse string only when string length is greater than 64 `ch`
    - CSS pseudo class `:-moz-locale-dir(rtl)` to handle user locale
3. Reference to the defined styles from XUL templates for dialogs
4. Remove declaration of `ellipseString` and it usage from files

## Testing

The fix now should handle four possible cases and should output correctly ellipsed string:
1. Length of string is less than 64 and locale is LTR
2. Length of string is greater than 64 and locale is LTR
3. Length of string is less than 64 and locale is RTL
4. Length of string is greater than 64 and locale is RTL
